- MCGRATH: The act of the condenser in the Republic of Karzirstan
has been destroyed and the rift is now inaccessible.
We're now the only nation
with access to the Infra World.
This situation...
...opens up new strategic...
...and military respectives.
We're gonna launch a new programme
to discover possible energy resources.
And develop military applications.
We've already found ways
of linking entities to human soldiers.
And this is just the beginning.
Now this is more important than
the race to space or developing nuclear capability.
We have discovered a new world.
A world for us to conquer.
This... is the beginning...
...of a new era... for our nation.
(CLAPPING SOUND)
- RYAN: Pentagon top brass getting you down?
- JODIE: They were busy talking about their plans
to take over the world.
So I left them to it.
- RYAN: Now we've played our part in all of this.
- JODIE: I shouldn't have accepted that mission.
I was only thinking about my freedom
and now it's stupid.
- RYAN: So what are you gonna do now?
- JODIE: I don't know.
I'm gonna need some time to...
...to figure it out.
Figure out what I really want.
And what about you?
- RYAN: CIA has it all mapped up for me.
Top-tier big car, golf meetings.
I haven't given them the answer yet, but...
It's worth considering.
Listen.
Jodie, I...
I know it's been complicated between us.
And I didn't know ### do the right thing.
But maybe we could start again.
You know, try to build something together.
I mean, after...
...all this stuff that we've been through.
Maybe we can make it work.
- JODIE: I'm not ready.
I think I need some time.
I'm sorry, Ryan.
- RYAN: I understand.
But whatever you do...
...you should remember
I'll always be there for you.
- COLE: Aw, there you are!
Nathan's looking for you. Come on.
I'll take you to his office.
Later Ryan.
Oh, you know what?
I've got a single ### in my office that needs sharing.
Meet you in a few?
- RYAN: No, I don't think I...
- COLE: Come on!
Don't make me drink it alone.
Waste of a good bottle!
I'll tell you ###, okay?
This way, Jodie.
Some decisions are hard to make, huh, Jodie?
- JODIE: Some one always decided for me.
It's not ### make my own choices.
- COLE: You just do what your heart tells you.
Then you'll know you make the right decision.
Alright, here we are.
Call me when you're done.
I'll come pick you up.
- JODIE: Okay.
- COLE: Whatever Nathan says...
...be careful.
- NATHAN: Come in.
Jodie!
I'm so glad to see you safe.
- JODIE: I kept my part of the bargain.
Now it's the CIA's turn.
- NATHAN: As far as the CIA concerned.
You no longer exist.
You're now Elizabeth North.
New identity and new life.
Five hundred thousand dollars.
For sevices rendered.
That should help making new start.
- JODIE: Thanks.
- NATHAN: Before you go...
There's one last thing I'd like to ask.
When my...
...wife and daughter disappeared in that accident...
...fifteen years ago.
I wanted to die too.
I cried a lot.
Banging my head....
...against the wall trying to figure out why? Why?
Why them?
Never being able to hold them again.
It's like a wound that wouldn't heal.
But then you came along.
Then I realised...
...they were still here all the time. Near me.
I just couldn't see.
Government gave me everything I needed...
...to study the Infra World.
They were interested in military applications.
I was interested in seeing my family again.
Taking me some years.
But I finally succeeded in creating this.
Hello, my darlings.
Helen.
Laura.
I miss you so much!
I could just see them every day.
Soon we'll be together.
I'm working on a modified condenser...
...that can communicate with souls
of the Infra World.
Speaking with the death, Jodie.
Can you imagine?
- JODIE: What do you want from me?
- NATHAN: I want you to help me talk to them.
To hear their voices.
I wanna tell them what I'm doing.
Until I finish my research,
you're the only one that can do it.
- JODIE: Give me your hands.
- NATHAN: Helen...
My darling.
I miss you so much.
- JODIE: (IN HELEN VOICE)
Let us go, Nathan!
You're hurting us!
You gotta let us go!
LET US DIE!
- NATHAN: You!
You're lying!
Helen didn't say that, you did!
- JODIE: You're keeping them here.
They're being torn apart between two worlds.
- NATHAN: (YELLS) That's not true!
You're lying! I know they wanna be with me again!
I know they wanna be with me!!
- JODIE: They're suffering, Nathan!
If you love them...
If you... if you really love them
you've gotta let them go!
You can't cheat death!
- NATHAN: (YELLS) Cheat death?
Death is nothing! You hear me?
NOTHING!!
- JODIE: Goodbye, Nathan.
I hope you find peace.
- MCGRATH: Hi, Jodie.
Good to see you again.
Well, you put us in a difficult situation, you know that.
We can't let you go.
We can't kill you either.
### don't know what do on the other side.
### anyone appropriate solution.
We inject you with a neuro acid.
Which will put you in a permanent coma.
Exactly what we did with your mother.
A simple and...
...elegant way to put an end to our...
..."collaboration."
Goodbye, Jodie.
We will always be...
greatful for your help.
(DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
- NATHAN: Jodie...
You opened my eyes. It was so obvious
but I didn't want to see.
- JODIE: (WEAKLY) Help me, Nathan.
- NATHAN: I'm gonna accomplish
man's oldest dream.
Nobody will have to die anymore.
No one will ever be separated again.
- JODIE: What are you...
What are you talking about?
- NATHAN: The containment field.
I'm going to deactivate it.
The Infra World will spread
through our dimension.
Life and death united in one world.
- JODIE: No... It's not just souls...
...on the other side.
It's death.
- NATHAN: I've beaten death, Jodie!
Everything's gonna be just fine!
You need to trust ###.
Everything...
...is gonna turn out fine.
- JODIE: You're too weak, Aiden.
Find something else.
Get help.
Hurry.
- COLE: Where's the rest of your team?
- RYAN: Vince and Nick? (CHUCKLES)
####
On a beach on some exotic island, no doubt.
- COLE: Lucky bastards!
Hey, I've got a couple of emails I need to send.
You mind if I do that?
Before we crack the bottle?
- RYAN: No problem.
- COLE: 'kay.
(TYPING ON KEYBOARD)
- RYAN: You keep entities in this lab?
- COLE: Good god, no. They're all trapped
behind the containment field.
- RYAN: Aiden?
Is that you, Aiden?
If this is a joke, it's not funny.
- COLE: Why would Aiden be here?
- RYAN: What is it, Aiden?
Where's Jodie?
Lead us to Jodie, Aiden.
Show us the way.
Right, now where?
This way!
- COLE: Over there!
- RYAN: Okay, I get it.
You want us to take the elevator, is that it?
Shit, the guard.
- COLE: Leave this to me.
- GUARD: Can I help you?
- COLE: Cole Freeman.
I have level three authorisation.
He's with me.
- GUARD: Hm, I'm sorry Mr. Freeman.
You do not have the correct authorisation
for this level.
- COLE: Maybe you could make an exception.
I just wanna show him...
- GUARD: Sorry, sir.
This area is level four classified.
You do not have the right credentials.
- RYAN: You gotta get us pass him, Aiden.
(PHONE RINGS)
- GUARD: Desk 42, hello.
Hello?
Hellooo?
(HANGS UP)
- RYAN: He's done it.
- COLE: I think you've made a mistake.
Can you check again, please?
Cole Freeman and Ryan Clayton.
- GUARD: I'm sorry. You are on the list.
My apologies. Um... Go on through.
- RYAN: Thank you.
Hurry, Aiden. Take us to Jodie.
Right. Now where?
- COLE: Something moved.
There!
- RYAN: Jodie's here?
Jodie!
- JODIE: Get it... Get it out...
Nathan...
He's gonna deactivate the containment field.
- RYAN: What?
- COLE: Why?
Why would he do that?
- JODIE: He's got insane.
He thinks he's gonna get his family back.
We gotta stop him!
(ALARM GOES OFF)
- ROBOT VOICE: Containment field shut down.
- COLE: The containment field.
Oh Christ, he's done it! He's done it!
- RYAN: You need help?
- JODIE: No, no I'm okay. I'm okay.
- COLE: This way! Hurry up!
There might still be a chance
to reactivate the field.
###
- MCGRATH: Jodie! You're the only one
who can stop this.
Dawkins has gotten mad ###
You gotta ###
- JODIE: I'd rather kill you, McGrath.
But the last thing the Infra World needs
is a son of a bitch like you!
Get out of my way.
- MCGRATH: Clayton! Get me out of here
immediately Clayton!
Agent Clayton, that's an order!
- RYAN: Consider that my resignation.
- MCGRATH: You're all gonna die here!
We're all gonna die!
- COLE: It's not working!
I can't stop the condenser!
###
There's nothing we can do!
Let's get out of here while we still can!
Wait, there's one more thing I can try.
- JODIE: What are you doing?
- COLE: Portable containment field.
Should protect me long enough
to reach the condenser...
...and trigger the manual self-destruct.
Might be our only chance to close the rift.
It's a long shot, but the best I can do.
- RYAN: What you're talking is crazy, Cole.
We need to get outta here before the military
### into a fucking mess!
Jodie, no...
- JODIE: Cole's right.
It's our only chance.
Ryan?
- RYAN: ### figure I die a hero.
(GATE OPENS)
- COLE: ###
No one's ever been before so
there's no telling what we'll find down there.
- RYAN: How much time do we have
after we activate the self-destruct?
- COLE: The system was designed
to be activated remotely.
These explosions will be practically instantaneous.
We're not coming back.
The condenser's only
on the other side of that door.
- RYAN: We've got company.
- JODIE: I haven't seen it yet.
It's our only chance!
- RYAN: Jesus. I hope you're right.
### little trip in the Infra World
might come to a sticky end.
(INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
Jodie, don't get too close to them!
Let's go!
- MAN: (SCREAMS)
- JODIE: COLE!
- RYAN: Fuck! JODIE! THEY'RE COMING!
JODIE, NO!!
- COLE: I'm sorry, princess.
You're gonna have to go without me.
(GROANS)
- JODIE: No way!
I'm not gonna ### leave you here.
(GATE OPENS)
- COLE: Fine.
The Black Sun, Jodie.
###
- RYAN: He's right. Come on, Jodie.
- JODIE: Aiden's done all he can.
- RYAN: The Black Sun.
- JODIE: Let's finish this.
(INDISTINCT ECHOES)
- RYAN: You hear that?
- JODIE: Don't listen to it!
Keep going!
- RYAN: Who are they?
- JODIE: Souls.
Lost souls.
- RYAN: They're all around us!
- JODIE: I know.
- WOMAN: My baby. I lost my baby.
Have you seen him?
- JODIE: No...
No... I...
Ryan?
Ryan!
- NATHAN: Helen!
Laura!!!
I can't find them!
I called them but they don't come!
- JODIE: Maybe it's because
they don't recognise you anymore!
Your anger has changed you!
- NATHAN: I miss them!
I miss them so much!
- JODIE: Let me pass, Nathan!
The condenser must be destroyed!
You know it's the only way!
- NATHAN: I miss you!
I miss you so much!
You're the only one
who can fix this, Jodie.
Do it.
Do it for me.
- RYAN: Jodie, ### there you are.
What happened?
- JODIE: He found what he was looking for.
Come on.
- RYAN: ### fucking monsters!
###
- JODIE: My containment field's not working!
- RYAN: What? Are you sure?
Just check the panel.
- JODIE: I'm telling you, it's not working!
- RYAN: Fuck!
Fuck fuck fuck! I gotta think!
Think of something...
Come on...
Fuck it!
Here.
- JODIE: No... No no, what're you doing?
- RYAN: Jodie, you got the best chance
to destroy the Black Sun. Just take this ###
- JODIE: No no, those things
are gonna slaughter you!
- RYAN: Take the damn belt
and destroy the fucking condeser.
Now get outta here
before I change my mind.
- MCGRATH: We inject you with a neuro acid
which will put you in a permanent coma.
Exactly what we did
with your mother.
- NORAH: It's too late, Jodie.
It's too late.
- SALIM: (SPEAKS IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
- MATT: ### a slut and a witch!
- JEN: What do you do with witches?
You burn them!
- PHILIP: I'm sick and tired
of your stories!
Jodie, this time
you're really gonna get it!
- NORAH: Give me back my child!
- MAN: Calm down, Norah!
- NORAH: I wanna see her.
My little girl.
My little boy.
- MAN 2: For god's sake!
What's going on?
- MAN: The twin.
He's strangled ### cord.
We couldn't do anything!
- NORAH: My son!
I wanna see my son...
- JODIE: Aiden.
My twin.
My brother.
Still born.
Aiden.
We couldn't leave each other.
Our souls were bound together.
I've loved you...
...and hated you for years.
You are a part of me.
(SKY THUNDERING)
Other side...
Another world.
###
The stars of the universe.
Living, feeling...
Being in love...
- RYAN: I love you, Jodie.
Growing old.
I love you.
###
- RYAN: We're alive!
- JODIE: Aiden?
- RYAN: We made it!
Jodie, we made it!
- JODIE: Aiden?
(CRIES)